[Music]
hmm
welcome to story flicks
in this video we will explain as the
gods will this movie tells the story of
high school students that are forced to
play a game of death with no knowledge
of who's behind the games their only
option is to continue winning to stay
alive
will they survive in the end
let's find out in as the god's will
as the god's will begins at a high
school in japan in a classroom a student
named shun plays a game of dharma-san
gagarin
with his friends
playtime was supposed to be fun but sean
and his friends had to risk their lives
instead while playing this game the
rules of darmason's game are quite
simple dharma sandal will sing a line
while facing the blackboard the students
were asked to walk closer to him however
if dharmasan's puppet stops singing and
turns to face the back all students must
stop and not move at all if any pupil is
seen to move even with the slightest
movement the pupil will be blown up and
turn into beads of blood the size of
marbles
all the students in the class died one
by one and only two students were left
alive namely shun and his best friend
sataki shun and sataki then work
together to stop the madness of
dharma-sandal they hatch a plan to press
the button on the back of the doll
before the game time runs out or else
they will both suffer tragic deaths like
their classmates when only a few seconds
remained sataki used himself as shun's
foothold to make it easier for him to
jump and press the button behind the
puppet the situation was even tenser
because they only had one chance at the
last second shun finally managed to
press the button before the time ran out
both of them were very happy because
they managed to win this game but then
sataki's head exploded and he died it
turns out that the only survivor at
dharmasana's deadly game is the one who
presses the button while shun was still
mourning the death of his best friend
suddenly the classroom door opened the
girl is ichika it turns out that all the
students at the school are participating
in the game but only a few managed to
survive sean and ichigo tried to escape
outside the school but their school
building was locked and there was no
other way to escape they finally arrived
at the gym and gathered with the other
students who managed to survive however
another deadly game awaits them in the
sports hall
students are asked to wear mouse
costumes and a giant maneki neku doll
will chase them then destroy or eat them
the game will be stopped if the students
manage to insert a bell into the iron
ring around the neck of the giant meneki
neku before the game time ends of course
this isn't easy to do because maniki
neku's movements are very agile and the
position of the ring around his neck is
also quite high a student who is good at
playing basketball tries to outwit
manikiniku he did a three-point shoot
and managed to get the basketball into
the ring
when the attention of the giant cack
doll turned to the basketball ichiga
immediately threw a bell at the student
the student managed to catch the cat's
bell and quickly put it in the ring but
then maneki neku swiftly caught the bell
the giant cat doll then threw the bell
at the student until his body bounced
hard against the wall and died instantly
shun gets an idea to finish maneki
neku's deadly game he invites ichiga
into a room to set up a plan
a few moments later they come out of the
room each of them carried something the
size of a basketball shaun's idea was to
coat the two objects in a mouse costume
so that maneki neku couldn't guess which
of the two was his bell
the cloth on the thing shun was carrying
was slightly exposed so maneki neku
could see that shun was carrying a
basketball meneki neku then chased after
ichiga who tried to throw the object she
was carrying into the ring as fast as
lightning the giant cat doll brushed it
off and knocked ichika down however
manikiniku is fooled because the object
ichiga brings is an actual basketball
when maneki neku's attention was still
focused on ichika shan brought the cat's
bell through the object and almost into
the ring unfortunately it bounced and
their efforts were in vain but suddenly
a student named takaru jumps from above
manakeneku swiftly catches the cat's
bell and then puts it into the ring they
managed to win the game just in time
takaru is a troubled student at school
who seems quite to enjoy watching his
friends die horribly only shun and
ichiga were left alive by takaru after
that the maneki neku doll suddenly
emitted gas that filled the entire room
sean and ichiga and takaru lost
consciousness
the scene switches to people watching
the news on television the news
broadcast broadcasts that high school
students worldwide were also playing
deadly games like shun and the others
the participants who managed to survive
the game at their school will then be
taken into a giant cube that hovers in
the air shun who woke up in a room was
suddenly startled by shelko who was his
close friend in middle school
in that room they are required to follow
kakomi's game the rules are quite simple
participants are required to sit with
their eyes closed and listen to the
singing of the four kokeshi dolls
hovering around them after the song
stops participants are required to guess
the name of the kakeshi doll behind them
within 10 seconds
if the guess is wrong the doll will
shoot lasers from their eyes and the
players will be destroyed
and if the players guessed correctly the
doll will be destroyed and release a key
to follow the next game
shun and shoko also met the other
participants in the room yumi and
mikinori also high school students like
them
yumi started the game first but her
guess was wrong and she was shot in the
head by a laser mikinori also suffered a
similar fate until it was shun's turn he
managed to win the game even with a
little trick shoko who had not yet
participated in the game was still
declared qualified and entitled to
advance to the next round
after taking the key and exiting the
room shun encounters a participant named
yukio who runs away from the evil
kokeshi doll yukio says that the only
way to keep the evil kokeshi from
catching her is by holding hands they
then held hands and the evil kakeshi
passed them just like that shoko then
begged chun not to let go of her hand
but then ichiga came from another
direction in a hurry apparently she is
also being chased by the evil kakeshi
doll shan immediately released his grip
on shoko then grabbed ichika's hand to
save her
seeing that shyoko looked sad because
shun preferred to hold the hand of
another girl it turns out that she
secretly loves shun who had once helped
her when she was about to commit suicide
after surviving the evil kakeshi doll
shan and his friends enter a room and
meet two other participants eg and
kotaru in the room there is a giant doll
head that has seven key holes and a
timepiece the timepiece on the doll
continued to count down signaling that
time was about to end but there were
only six of them and only had four keys
at the last minute takoru arrives and
manages to get three keys by killing the
other participants the number of
participants and the required keys are
complete they then put in the key
simultaneously and the giant head doll
rolled down a tunnel leading to another
room the participants were required to
change their clothes and walk down the
tunnel to the end of the room
at the end of the tunnel the
participants arrived at a cold and snowy
room there the participants will play a
game from shuttle camo or the giant
polar bear different from the previous
dolls shotokama looks friendly the game
from shotokama also sounds easy namely a
game that will test the honesty of the
participants shirokama will ask a
question and the participants are
required to answer honestly however if
caught lying he would immediately
destroy the participant
shirokama's first question was about
their favorite foods shirokama asked in
a friendly manner and the participants
answered casually but then shirokama
suddenly became angry and said that one
of the participants was lying he also
said that the participants had to guess
and determine which was lying within two
minutes or he would destroy all the
participants the participants accused
and blamed each other after arguing for
quite a while the majority of them
pointed and blamed yukio yukio looked
annoyed because he was accused without
clear reasons and evidence before he had
time to defend himself an angry
shirokama crushed his body with his
hands
all participants shuddered with horror
and fear shirokama who had been friendly
and pleasant had turned into a gruesome
and brutal figure shirokama asked the
next question the giant bear asked how
they felt about shun takuru answered
frankly that he liked shun meanwhile
ichiga and shoko seemed embarrassed to
say the answer because the two girls
liked sean but shotokuma got angry again
and snapped at the participants accusing
one of them of lying the other
participants accused shoko of lying
because of her clumsy demeanor but
ichiga and shun immediately defended her
in front of shirokama they believed that
shoko was telling the truth but the
majority of the participants had already
offered shoko's name to shirokama before
shurukama crushed her tiny body shoko
told shun that she had loved him all
along
shun devastated by shoko's death then
vented his anger by shouting as loudly
as he could he then realized that it was
shirokuma who was lying shaun accused
shirokama by saying that the giant bear
was black not white it was shutukama who
had been lying all this time shun's gas
turned out to be right shirokama's body
turned black shun and the other
participants then managed to win the
game the remaining players finally
arrive at the next game location a
fortress with typical russian
architecture the next game is the game
of the mata yashka doll which is also
the last game in this game the
participant who managed to kick a can
before sunset will be declared the
winner and crowned as the child of god
however kicking the can will also
trigger an explosion that will kill the
players near the can the participants
will play a game of hide and seek where
one participant will take on the role of
a devil and find the participants who
are hiding and then put them in prison
after doing a lottery of choosing a
stick at random takaru is finally
determined to be the devil because he
gets a red stick however as long as
takuru can't see the participants faces
directly they can continue playing until
they allotted time shawn and the other
three participants immediately ran into
the fort to hide from takaru however
takaru is quite smart he managed to find
ichi and kataru in no time and put them
in prison catching ichiga is also not
difficult for him until only shun is
left takoru then clamored for shun to
join him and win the game together shun
who was hiding in a warehouse got an
idea he found a suit of armor made of
iron complete with his helmet covering
his entire head he then put on the armor
and came out of his hiding place takuru
couldn't catch shun because devils were
not allowed to catch other participants
whose faces weren't visible according to
the rules shun managed to outwit takaru
and tied a chain to his body after that
he jumped to the edge of the fort that
was directly adjacent to the sea takaru
who was tied to him was also dragged
along when takaru tried to free himself
shan appeared while climbing the edge of
the fort with difficulty turns out it
was shawn's ploy to trap takaru in the
heavy armor after successfully climbing
up the fort shun ran towards the can at
the same time takaru who had managed to
free himself from the armor chains
rushed after shun to prevent him from
kicking the can but takuru lost quickly
shun manages to kick the can and is
declared the winner in the mateyashka
doll game
nothing happened after shun managed to
win the game this surprised takaru
because normally the losing player would
end up dying but then the matayashika
doll said that the explosion was just a
lie to make the game tenser and the
participants were serious about playing
after winning the game the participants
celebrated by enjoying a popsicle
provided by the game organizer all
participants looked happy except for
takaru on the other hand shawn and
ichiga sat alone while chatting about
what they would do together after
exiting this game but then the happy
smile on of his face faded replaced with
a strained expression and suppressed cry
with a voice shaking with fear she then
apologized to shun for not keeping her
promise
at first shun didn't understand what she
meant he then looked at the ice cream
stick and it said bingo you're alive
sean then checked ichiga's ice cream
stick her ice cream stick had dead
written on it
on the other hand eg and kataru also got
the same writing as ichiga on their ice
cream sticks
meanwhile takuru got the same writing as
the one on shun's he smirked in
satisfaction because this was the result
of the game he had hoped for after that
the matayashi kadal immediately fired
lasers at ichiga egy and kotaru their
bodies were instantly shattered into
pieces
at the end of the game sean and takuru
appeared on the top of the giant cube
and below them the crowd cheered for
their success in winning the game takaru
looked happy but shun looks miserable
because he lost his closest friends shun
then knelt in despair while muttering
the words god doesn't exist
one of the matayashika dolls corrected
shun's words by saying that all the
games they had played so far would bring
them closer to god it seems that the
doll's talk is not mere nonsense because
through this game those who lose will
immediately return to god's presence or
die and the film ends
[Music]
you